**<u>Develop a Research Question Assignment:</u>**

Group Members: Viraj Kanchan, Nathan Mayer, Shubang Mukund, and Matthew
Nolan

<u>Research Question</u>: How can we utilize foldable techniques to
develop and incrementally adjust the geometry of mechanisms in order to
mimic quadrupedal motions and optimize gaits for two different terrains?

<u>Background: (Viraj)</u> Each member of the team is inspired by
distinct aspects of quadrupedal motion. The ideas ranged from developing
a pet dog like robot to developing a foldable mechanism to extract a
particular motion to exploring variable geometries in a foldable design.
Thus, the team in its first meeting took up the task of finding the
common ground such that no one felt left out while maintaining
tractability. The current research question that we have narrowed down
to is the right blend of ambition, novelty, modularity, and
tractability.

Our major constraint is that the said mechanism should mimic the motion
of a quadruped. Although biomimicry is not always required for a
bioinspired solution, the team aims to generalize the method of
developing foldable mechanism with a required output and is choosing
biomimicry as a parameter to judge the effectiveness of the output for
the layman. The second constraint is that the same piece of hardware
with or without minimal changes to itself should be able to have a
different motion at the end effector. The aforementioned "minimal
change" would be preferably automated and would react to a certain
trigger switch which may or may not be remotely activated. This change
in output can be, but not limited to, a change in length of the links or
by folding on a different crease/axis as compared to the initial
configuration.

<u>Tractability: (Viraj)</u> We have reserved the entire project to just
achieve the above mechanism and are not necessarily promising to build a
quadrupedal robot. If the aforementioned challenge is easier than
expected then the team might explore the possibility of developing a
quadrupedal robot with the said mechanism.

<u>Novelty: (Nathan)</u> The team's current research question is based
on a paper by the Disney Research Institute on the ΓÇ£Computational Design
of Mechanical CharactersΓÇ¥. The paper outlines a methodology in which
researchers could mimic the various locomotive geometries of gaits found
in biology. Using a series of parallel gears, the path of the end
effector could be manipulated to follow a desired trajectory based on
the size of the gears and the length of the linkages that connect them
(Disney Research Institute). The team aims to utilize this same
methodology but in the frame of foldable robotics. By creating a simple
leg of two or more connected foldable mechanisms, multiple gaits could
be achieved either by fluctuating the speed of each mechanism in
relation to one another, or by adjusting simple linkage lengths in real
time to adjust the shape of the gait.

<u>Interesting: (Nathan)</u> The current research question is relevant
as it expands on a previous study, but adds a new element to the content
already created. Additionally, it allows for insight into these complex
biological systems, but also creates innovative solutions that can cut
costs by using foldable mechanisms that can be replicated extremely
quickly. Therefore, the barriers created by the cost of traditional
robotics can be broken down by the availability of cheap materials and
simple processes that are used to create foldable robotic systems.

<u>Open-Ended: (Matthew)</u> The research question is open-ended in part
because it focuses on a limited number of gaits in order to better fit
the project to its one-semester timeline. Additionally, although it
specifically focuses on tuning the geometry as a method for gait
optimization, this aspect is left intentionally vague so as to allow for
many possible approaches within this constraint. There are many possible
geometric parameters that may be varied, and only a few permutations can
be studied within a single semester. Given more time and resources,
future researchers could take a deeper look into the topic by expanding
the scope of terrains studied. They could also consider alternate
combinations of geometric adjustments and explore their effects on a
greater number of gait characteristics (i.e. max output force, energy
efficiency, etc.).

<u>Modular: (Matthew)</u> The research question is modular because its
results can be used to help optimize the gait of virtually any legged
robot. In particular, the foldable aspect of the question lends itself
to small, inexpensive robots that need complex motion and tuned dynamics
coupled with simple construction and a slim design. Additionally, the
fact that this question centers on incremental geometry adjustments
means that it might provide insights on how to optimize existing leg
mechanisms for a certain terrain without completely reworking the design
of those systems. Because this question focuses on multiple terrains,
the concepts therein may be applied to a wide variety of research
efforts that study legged locomotion in several different environments.

<u>Team Fit: (Shubang)</u> After finding common ground from our
interests as an individual, the research question developed as a group
covers a majority of our personal interests, thus leaving none of our
individual questions unanswered. That in turn leverages and motivates us
as a team, to work together and find answers that we each tried to seek
out separately before. The team consists of students from different
educational streams as their background, thus coalescing their
capability to pitch in to the work at hand which heightens our abilities
as a group.

<u>Topic Fit: (Shubang)</u> The research question requires foldable
robotics techniques as a vital element as the material to be used, and
the kinematics to be created are both based on foldable robotics
techniques. The dynamics, optimisation of material, kinematics and other
crucial roles and steps, constraints like the same piece of hardware
with or without minimal changes to itself should be able to have a
different motion at the end effector that are essential in making the
mechanism work in an optimal manner all require foldable robotics
techniques. Hence it is only fair to claim that the research question
needs foldable robotics for a majority of its parts to answer it.

References:

S. Coros, B. Bickel, M. Forberg, G. Noris, S. Sueda, B. Sumner, B.
Thomaszewski,

"Computational design of mechanical characters." \[Online\]. Available:

https://studios.disneyresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Computational-Design-of-Mechanical-Characters-1.pdf.
